=== /slide[1] ===
SRJ Technologies Group PlcProposal for the Provision of Audit and Assurance Services
13 July 2026
www.incorpadvisory.au 

=== /slide[2] ===
“” 
Thank you for being so accommodating with our audits. I know there were many late nights and you have been so dedicated and wanted to turnaround information quickly for our benefit. It has been such a pleasure working with you. 
Janet YuenFinancial Planning and Analysis ManagerHome Consortium
“”I have been nothing short of impressed with your work to date, this has been a great audit experience.”
Mark Burwood-SmithDirectorHayden Enterprises


=== /slide[3] ===
Private & Confidential 


Stefan McGreevySRJ Technologies Group Plc

Dear Stefan McGreevy

Proposal for the Provision of Independent Audit and Assurance Services
Thank you for the opportunity to provide this proposal for the provision of independent audit and assurance services to SRJ Technologies Group Plc. We recognise the importance of this engagement in ensuring SRJ Technologies Group Plc meets its reporting obligations whilst also identifying any potential areas of improvement within its financial reporting framework.  

We trust this proposal demonstrates our team’s professional capabilities and experience. Our commitment to our clients remains paramount, which is demonstrated through the delivery of a high quality, timely and cost-effective service that remains partner-led from start to finish. 

If you have any queries in relation to our enclosed proposal, or would like to discuss any matters further, please contact the In.Corp team. 

We welcome the opportunity to work with SRJ Technologies Group Plc and develop a strong mutually beneficial relationship with the board and management. 

Yours faithfully







13 July 2026


-
In.Corp Audit & Assurance Pty Ltd
ABN 14 129 769 151
 
Level 1
6-10 O’Connell Street 
SYDNEY  NSW  2000

Suite 11, Level 1
4 Ventnor Avenue
WEST PERTH  WA  6005
GPO BOX 542
SYDNEY  NSW 2001
 
T    +61 2 8999 1199
E    team@incorpadvisory.au
W   incorpadvisory.au

=== /slide[4] ===
1
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
In.Corp strives to promote a service delivery model that is professional, dedicated and personable placing our client needs as paramount.
YOUR NEEDS

This proposal demonstrates how In.Corp, and its assurance team, are best placed to provide independent audit & assurance services to SRJ Technologies Group Plc. We trust this proposal provides all the information you require, and we would be happy to discuss any points further. 

Our assurance team specialises in the provision of professional advisory services.  We pride ourselves on being an independent resource to management and a ‘steady-hand’ in an uncertain market. 
ADDRESSING YOUR NEEDS

EXPERIENCED & SENIOR TEAM

The In.Corp Client Service Team has the technical skills, commercial knowledge and experience to meet your service requirements.  The team has extensive experience in providing audit and assurance and other professional services to the software and manufacturing sectors as well as many other wide and varied industries and will provide value added services by providing feedback on areas of risk management and internal controls.

We will utilise our range of resources, knowledge and experience gained to deliver a seamless service that adds value to your business while meeting your assurance and financial reporting requirements.

REGULAR COMMUNICATION

You can expect the highest quality communication from your In.Corp Client Service Team in terms of information, reporting and accessibility. We will be in contact with you regularly, including meeting with you face to face to keep management across the direction of our work.
SMOOTH TRANSITION

We have a proven track record in the transition of assurance providers. We will manage the transition process with the least possible disruption to your business, ensuring key deadlines are met.

VALUE

You can be assured that the delivery of our services will be driven by a senior and experienced team and conducted to the highest quality and standard.  

As part of our communications you will receive regular feedback during the audit and a formal report near completion which will document our approach and provide feedback on matters of governance interest. 

We also seek to provide feedback to management in areas that controls can be improved as early as possible, to help management in performing its responsibilities to maintain effective controls, and leverage any changes made by management early in our audit process. 
-

=== /slide[5] ===
2
ABOUT OUR FIRM – In.Corp 
In.Corp is a leading provider of a wide range of professional corporate solutions and services across Asia Pacific
We maintain operational presence across 8 countries. Our award-winning capabilities and resources provide organisations and individuals a full suite of comprehensive services to help them turn their “Vision To Reality”.


-
OUR SERVICES
















QUALITY CONTROL
















IN.CORP

















For over 30 years, In.Corp Advisory (AU) has established itself as a leading boutique advisory practice to emerging and growth stage businesses in Australia and beyond.

Our team has a celebrated list of clientele, including over 30 ASX-listed companies, subsidiaries of multinational corporations, small to medium-sized businesses including those which hold an AFSL and not for profits. We employ outstanding and diverse professional staff, with offices headquartered in Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.

Our reputable team of 120+ full-time professionals come from a range of backgrounds across accounting, finance, science, engineering and technology. This breadth of skills and background enables us to provide a responsive and high quality service that is always tailored to the individual client’s needs.
















We believe that quality control is an integral part of our objective to deliver a professional service to our clients. Partners and qualified staff are required to comply with the Chartered Accountants of Australia and New Zealand (“CAANZ”) continuing professional development (“CPD”) requirements which comprise 120 hours of CPD, 90 hours of which need to be formal training and development, in the respective field of expertise, over a three-year period. At least 20 hours (including no more than 10 hours of technical reading) must be completed annually.

All listed company audits require an Engagement Quality Control Reviewer (“EQCR”). In accordance with legislation and professional standards, the lead engagement Partner and the EQCR on listed entity audit engagements are rotated from the audit as required by our internal policies and the requirements of APES110. The results of internal and external quality control procedures are made available and presented to the other partners.

Our client acceptance and continuance process is instrumental in ensuring that we only accept engagements where we have the competency and capacity to deliver a high standard of work and where the independence requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (Including Independence Standards) (“the Code”) are maintained.















=== /slide[6] ===
3
VALUE ADDED SERVICE
Our fees are highly competitive without compromising quality while delivering value add to your business.
We have the resources and experience to ensure that we complete our engagements on time and delivering it to our clients at a quality that they would expect. This is primarily attributable to our approach of ensuring partner participation and oversight throughout the audit process.

In order to provide a smooth transition, we propose to provide the following at no charge as a gesture of goodwill in demonstrating our commitment to building a long-term mutually rewarding business relationship with SRJ Technologies Group Plc:





















-
The above amounts are exclusive of GST and administration costs and disbursements.
Our fee proposal assumes no significant changes to the operations of the business from that advised up to the date of this proposal and allows for time costs to perform audit procedures and consideration of accounting issues that may arise. If there is any indication that our fees may exceed the amount detailed, we will discuss the cause and potential additional fees with you to determine actions to minimise their impact. 
FEE PROPOSAL 

We are committed to providing you with a high-quality service in a cost effective and transparent manner.  To provide you with certainty on your future costs we have provided our fee estimate for the next three financial years.  Our fee proposal is as follows: 
Nature of service
Amount
$
Review of prior year balances as required under Australian Auditing Standards in order to be able to provide an unmodified audit opinion.
No charge
Review of the impact of the new accounting standards
No charge
Total
No charge
Nature of service
Amount
$
Audit of the consolidated financial report for the year ending 31 December 2026 for SRJ Technologies Group Plc.
40,000
Review of the consolidated financial report for the half-year ended 30 June 2026 for SRJ Technologies Group Plc.
20,000

=== /slide[7] ===
4
VALUE ADDED SERVICE (continued)
Our fees are highly competitive without compromising quality while delivering value add to your business.
GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND

The following table demonstrates what services normally comprise a statutory audit and value added services that In.Corp will provide as part of our ongoing commitment to the directors and management of SRJ Technologies Group Plc.















-
Nature of service
Statutory Audit
In.Corp Value Add
Reasonable Assurance on Financial Report


Communication of Process and Findings to Directors and Management


Understanding of Internal Controls


Internal Control Review Report – with key focus on:
  - Revenue recognition
  - Cash and treasury operations
  - Payroll
  - Payments


Access to partners and senior staff at In.Corp without the worry that the 'clock is ticking'. As we do not complete timesheets it has allowed us to focus more on our philosophy of providing value add service to our clients without you having to worry about additional costs.



=== /slide[8] ===
5
OUR CLIENT SERVICE TEAM
Daniel has over 25 years' experience in Audit, Assurance and Corporate Advisory. Having spent 15 years working at both Deloitte and HLB Mann Judd, Daniel has gained exposure to servicing a broad range of clients and industries.  

As an assurance practitioner Daniel has specialised in the areas of financial services, fund management, retail, technology, private equity, mining and exploration and building and construction.  Daniel is also responsible for the audits of a number of ASX listed entities and has helped clients prepare for ASX listing. 

Daniel is a Registered Company Auditor and a CA Business Valuation Specialist.
Daniel Dalla
Engagement Partner
daniel.dalla@incorpadvisory.au
Our team has the experience and capability to meet your requirements. Our engagements are directed and conducted by senior qualified professional staff.
-
Graham is a registered company auditor with over 20 years experience at Hall Chadwick prior to joining In.Corp in 2022. ​ 

Graham has extensive experience in working with ASX listed public companies, AFSL entities, large private companies and not for profit entities across a broad range of industries including agricultural sector, technology, financial services and mining and exploration.​ 

Graham’s professionalism and communication skills are critical in allowing him to navigate clients through complex accounting issues.
Graham Webb
Audit Partner
graham.webb@incorpadvisory.au
Stella is CA qualified after having completed her schooling in Bandung, Indonesia and Bachelor of Commerce at the University of New South Wales, completing the degree with a distinction average.​

Stella joined the In.Corp team in 2019 and has since worked on a broad range of clients and industries including ASX listed retail and telecommunication services, financial services, transport and logistics and large private building and construction. ​

Stella was responsible for the set-up, implementation and ongoing performance of In.Corp’s offshore team in Jakarta.
Stella Wongso
Senior Manager
stella.wongso@incorpadvisory.au
Jessica has completed all Chartered Accountant program requirements and has over 4 years of experience supporting audit and assurance engagements.  

Jessica joined the In.Corp team in 2021 and has since worked across a broad range of industries, including financial services, consumer products, construction, and ASX‑listed mining and exploration. She is also involved in managing SMSF audit engagements.  

After developing her expertise in Australia, Jessica now leads the offshore team in Jakarta, ensuring efficient execution of audit procedures, strong team performance, and the consistent delivery of high‑quality audit outcomes.
Jessica Chuhairy
Assistant Manager
jessica.chuhairy@incorpadvisory.au

=== /slide[9] ===
6
THE IN.CORP APPROACH
Our approach to our clients is relationship based and underpinned by partner-led delivery of services.
OUR APPROACH

Our approach to our clients is relationship based and underpinned by partner-led delivery of our services.  Our Client Service Teams are selected to offer our clients all of the required technical services, as well as being tasked with building a strong understanding of our clients’ business. This senior team is further supported by experienced professionals so our clients can be assured that we have the capability and capacity to deliver the services that are required.

Our clients expect the highest quality communication from their In.Corp Client Service Team in terms of information, reporting and accessibility. We are in contact with our clients regularly in order to keep management across the direction of our work. Effective and timely reporting to management and the Board is important and a cornerstone of our client service. Our communication is direct, clear and precise.

A brief summary of our senior team’s capabilities and experience is included on the following pages.

CLIENT SERVICE TEAM SUPPORT

Our Partners are backed by a resourceful team of qualified professionals. Our team comprises highly-skilled audit, tax, accounting and advisory professionals with significant experience.

COMMITMENT OF SENIOR PERSONNEL 

We understand the importance our clients place on access to senior professional personnel, and having appropriately qualified persons on site to perform professional services in an efficient and effective manner. In.Corp commits that all professional services will be directed and conducted by the senior team at all times including during our site visits.

CONTINUITY OF SENIOR STAFF
At In.Corp we are committed to ensuring continuity of staff, particularly at a senior level. We provide stability of personnel for our clients and in doing so ensure efficiency through knowing our client’s systems, procedures and staff.






-
SUMMARY OF OUR CLIENT SERVICE TEAM

A summary of our senior In.Corp Client Service Team is outlined. They are responsible for the seamless delivery of our services to our clients.


=== /slide[10] ===
7
RELEVANT  INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE

In.Corp has considerable experience in providing external audits and other professional services to listed public, large private, and other companies in software and manufacturing sectors. These include:
-
Bridge SaaS Limited
Hubify Limited
I Synergy Group Limited
Thrive Tribe Technologies Limited
Northbridge Network Systems Pty Limited
Nextgen.net Pty Ltd
Jennchem Australia Pty Ltd
Omni Tanker Holdings Ltd
FCI Holdings Australia Pty Ltd

=== /slide[11] ===
8
OUR AUDIT APPROACH
In.Corp has taken the audit approach one step further developing industry-specific customisation into our audit methodology, beyond the core industry-neutral auditing standards. 
AUDIT CAPABILITY & INDUSTRY KNOWLEDGE

The In.Corp audit team has considerable experience in providing audit and assurance services to clients in a wide variety of industries.
Our client service team has the necessary skills to address issues as they arise. This includes their extensive experience in providing audit services to clients operating within software and manufacturing sectors.


AUDIT PLAN

We have a proven track record in transition of auditors and will manage the process with the least possible disruption to your business, ensuring key dates are met. 

We:

provide guidance and assistance in respect of the audit process;
meet with key management to understand any concerns and deepen our knowledge of the business and operating environment;
review policies and procedural manuals to obtain an understanding of your internal operations; and
provide detailed and tailored requests for information prior to each visit.





AUDIT APPROACH

In.Corp applies a risk-based audit approach which is performed in three key steps:

Firstly, by gaining an understanding of our clients’ business both in a financial and operational sense, in order to identify the key risks faced. This process will assist in providing you with a high quality, efficient audit;
We will then perform the audit in accordance with our audit plan; and
Finally, we will present the audited financial report and our closing report detailing the matters we identified during our audit and the key internal control improvement points identified.


AUDIT CAPABILITY & INDUSTRY KNOWLEDGE

Our approach is relationship based and underpinned by partner-led delivery of our services. Our clients have regular direct contact with senior personnel, and they are available for our clients to contact at any point without worrying that the “the clock is ticking”. That is why we are one of the first Chartered Accounting firms to do away with timesheets.  

At In.Corp, we pride ourselves on building strong relationships with clients and this means ensuring our clients have direct access to their Partners if you have any issues to discuss.

At In.Corp we consider staff continuance for each client as a key priority of our service delivery.  Our audit teams typically consist of an audit partner, a senior member and an assistant auditor.  An audit partner is onsite to supervise the team for the majority of our engagements.  Where possible the team will remain consistent from year to year.
-

=== /slide[12] ===
9
OUR AUDIT APPROACH (continued)

‘NO SURPRISES’ APPROACH

Our procedures will include the following steps to ensure the smooth running of the audit:
obtain an understanding of our clients to enable us to identify risk areas on which to focus and to identify recommendations for process improvement;
provide a tailored list of requirements, so that our clients know exactly what information we require well in advance of our visits; and

a review of all new accounting standard disclosures and legislative changes to ensure our clients are aware of any changes to their financial statements well before the audit.

Our dedicated In.Corp team perform customised audit procedures in accordance with agreed timetables.  We focus on managing critical aspects of the engagement and communicate directly, clearly and precisely with management and those charged with governance.

As part of our audit we organise an initial on-site visit with management where we will:

meet with the senior team and other key management personnel to further understand their thoughts and plans at a detailed operating level, so we can refine our planned execution and reporting process;
conduct a detailed review of current systems and controls; and
report back on any issues arising from our planning procedures to ensure we have a solid basis for the year-end audit.



DEALING WITH COMPLEX AUDIT, ACCOUNTING & REPORTING ISSUES

We handle audit issues proactively and, wherever possible, issues will be addressed before the matter emanating from the audit issue is entered into the financial statements. 

Where complex matters arise, we will always have a high-level discussion with our clients to identify the issues and create a context for its resolution. Subsequently, we will research the issue, referring to the applicable accounting standards and general industry practice, before holding any further discussion to resolve the issue. 

We are committed to working openly with management to ensure the financial statements meet statutory requirements, while applying commercial judgement.

We also have access to the following external technical resources to assist with any complex financial reporting and auditing issues:

David Holland is the founder and director of Sapphire Financial Services and is a member of the Australian Accounting Standards. David provides education, advice and training to partners, staff and clients in relation to all financial reporting and IFRS matters. David regularly prepares and delivers IFRS seminars for the Chartered Accountants ANZ.

David Stevens is the founder and director of A2A Knowledge Pty Ltd and an audit quality professional with over 18 years’ experience in the industry. He is passionate about audit quality and the increasing role technology has to play on the audit process.

-

=== /slide[13] ===
10
TIMELINE
With our proven track record, we will manage the audit process with the least possible disruption to your business, ensuring key deadlines are met.
The table below provides an indication of our anticipated timeline





 

-
Nature of Service
Timing
Transition
Confirmation of appointment as auditors
End of July 2026
Review of opening balances
Early August 2026
Year-End Audit
Initial meeting between In.Corp and management to plan the audit
Early August 2026
In.Corp to commence half-year review procedures
August 2026
Sign-off on half-year financial report
August 2026

=== /slide[14] ===
11
QUALITY ASSURANCE & INDEPENDENCE
In.Corp adheres to policies and procedures underpinning strong ethical and quality assurance principles.
QUALITY ASSURANCE

Our approach to quality control and risk management is set through adherence to the In.Corp Quality Control Manual. The manual outlines best practice guidelines relating to:

Documentation in accordance with auditing standards
Ethical standards
Client acceptance and continuance
Engagement performance
Quality control policies and procedures
Financial reporting standards

We are, of course, subject to quality control reviews and inspections carried out by ASIC and Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand (“CAANZ”). 

In addition, In.Corp adopts the following procedures:

Annual independence confirmation from all partners and staff;
Concurring partners assigned to all sensitive engagements;
External technical financial reporting and audit support; and
Modified audit report consultation and approval procedures. 
Our latest Audit and Transparency Report can be found here
If there are occasions when we cannot reach a mutually acceptable solution, we have the support of our technical assurance providers. They will provide specialist advice on the impact of the accounting and auditing standards and identify practical solutions to issues.

INDEPENDENCE & GOVERNANCE

Annual independence declarations are carried out by all staff and partners and the internal independence process is monitored by the firm’s Quality Control Officers. The officers assist in conducting searches for independence by maintaining registers and communications across the firm on all engagements.

In assessing our independence for the SRJ Technologies Group Plc audit we considered the independence requirements of both the Corporations Act 2001 and APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards).

We consider that the nature of the services provided to SRJ Technologies Group Plc and the related safeguards in place, namely having separate teams conducting the audit and any applicable tax engagements to ensure compliance with the Corporations Act 2001 and APES 110.



-

=== /slide[15] ===
